Migrate "launching agent from console" from wiki to docs site (#4396)
jenkins-infra/jenkins.io: content/doc/book/using/using-agents.adoc

agent1
Finished: SUCCESS
----

> === Launching agent from console

Reviewer: This needs to be one level lower as a heading so that it is at the "root" level of the page.  It is a top level topic, not a subtopic of the Docker section that precedes it.
```suggestion
== Launching agent from console
```

> agent.jar is meant to be launched by Jenkins, typically through a remote

Reviewer 2: is this actually accurate though? inbound agents are a big thing, and they are invoked with `java -jar agent.jar` + other arguments

> agent.jar is meant to be launched by Jenkins, typically through a remote
> shell like ssh/rsh. +
> Jenkins controller then communicates with this agent through stdin and
> stdout.

Reviewer: We generally prefer sentence per line and don't want to use continuation characters to insert line breaks.  I removed the reference to `rsh` because it is [insecure](https://www.informit.com/articles/article.aspx?p=169465) and is not available on many distributions.

```suggestion
The `agent.jar` is meant to be launched by Jenkins, typically through a remote shell like ssh.
The Jenkins controller communicates with this agent through stdin and stdout.
```

> agent.jar is *not* meant to initiate a connection to the controller on its
> own, so if you are trying to run +
> it from cron or as a service, you are misunderstanding how this works.

Reviewer: Sentence per line is preferred and no need for the [line break](https://asciidoctor.org/docs/asciidoc-writers-guide/#wrapped-text-and-hard-line-breaks) that is inserted by the trailing '+'
```suggestion
The `agent.jar` is *not* meant to initiate a connection to the controller on its own.
If you are trying to run it from cron or as a service, you are misunderstanding how this works.
```
